[mons]
strange-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
merlin-api         ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
gandalf-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true

[osds]
kerrigan-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
neo-api             ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
bowman-api          ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
lawnmowerman-api    ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
manhattan-api       ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true

[grafana-server]
strange-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true

[mgrs]
strange-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
merlin-api         ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
gandalf-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true

[rgws]
strange-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
merlin-api         ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
gandalf-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true

[mdss]
strange-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
merlin-api         ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
gandalf-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true

[clients]
kerrigan-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
neo-api             ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
bowman-api          ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
lawnmowerman-api    ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
manhattan-api       ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
strange-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
merlin-api         ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
gandalf-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
dumbledore         ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true

[rgws]
strange-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
merlin-api         ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
gandalf-api        ansible_user=stack ansible_password=st@ck ansible_become=true
